fix: add video ids and transcript headings, and fix a couple of titles and slugs (#58138)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-introduction-to-javascript-libraries-and-frameworks/6734e3a9cc78faaf4248d335.md

id: 6734e3a9cc78faaf4248d335
title: What Is the Role of JS Libraries and Frameworks, and Why Are They Used in the Industry?
challengeType: 19
videoId: AJMjp3NxnEA
dashedName: what-is-the-role-of-js-libraries-and-frameworks-and-why-are-they-used-in-the-industry
---

# --description--

> Watch the video and complete the assignment below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch the video and answer the questions below.
```

Looks like most of the lecture have this
